[UIK-3111][spin, spin-container, skeleton] Removed aria-busy, updated a11y docs (#1907)
semrush/intergalactic: website/docs/components/spin-container/spin-container-a11y.md

Table: Roles & attributes

| Element                 | Attribute          | Usage                                                                             |
| ----------------------- | ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `SpinContainer.Content` | `inert`            | Indicates that the content is unavailable for the user. |

Read also: [Spin A11y](/components/spin/spin-a11y).

## Considerations for developers

Make sure the user is aware that loading has started or ended. There are two ways to do that, depending on the user flow:

> 1. If the `SpinContainer` appears on top or instead of the last focused element, such as when submitting a form, focus the `Overlay` or its parent when the loading starts, and focus the content when it's loaded. Make sure focus is invisible if the focused element is noninteractive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If the `SpinContainer` appears on top or instead of the last focused element, such as when submitting a form, focus the `Overlay` or its parent when the loading starts, and focus the content when it's loaded. Make sure focus is invisible if the focused element is non-interactive.
```

Author: I checked, the main spelling is without a dash, although both variants are used

Author: weird, because even Google docs guide recommends unhyphenated!
I can do it in this branch, no problem

Author: haha, turns out a lot of these cases were me writing it intuitively and not looking up the spelling

Reviewer: > weird, because even Google docs guide recommends unhyphenated! I can do it in this branch, no problem

They have both variants, but noninteractive more often for sure, as I see.

Let's leave noninteractive, it's okay!
